README.md, before:

# 🎹 Chord Viewer

A vibe-based exploration of musical chords and scales, built with React and Material-UI. This project was created as an exercise in vibe coding, where the focus is on creating an intuitive and enjoyable user experience for exploring music theory concepts.

Vibed up using [Cursor](https://cursor.sh), the world's best IDE.

## ✨ Features

- Interactive piano keyboard visualization
- Major scale visualization for any root note
- Common chord voicings including:
  - Major
  - Minor
  - Dominant 7
  - Minor 7
  - Major 7
  - Diminished
  - Augmented
- Dark theme UI for maximum vibe

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/kasima/chord-viewer.git
cd chord-viewer
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173`

## 🛠 Built With

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Material-UI](https://mui.com/)
- [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/)

## 🎵 Usage

- Click on any note in the "Major Scale" column to visualize its major scale on the piano keyboard
- Click on any chord in the table to see its notes highlighted on the keyboard
- Explore different root notes and chord types to understand their relationships

## 📝 License

MIT

Commit message:

Add operator's disclaimer about AI-generated content

README.md, after:

# 🎹 Chord Viewer

A vibe-based exploration of musical chords and scales, built with React and Material-UI. This project was created as an exercise in vibe coding, where the focus is on creating an intuitive and enjoyable user experience for exploring music theory concepts.

Vibed up using [Cursor](https://cursor.sh), the world's best IDE.

## ✨ Features

- Interactive piano keyboard visualization
- Major scale visualization for any root note
- Common chord voicings including:
  - Major
  - Minor
  - Dominant 7
  - Minor 7
  - Major 7
  - Diminished
  - Augmented
- Dark theme UI for maximum vibe

## 🚀 Getting Started

1. Clone the repository:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/kasima/chord-viewer.git
cd chord-viewer
```

2. Install dependencies:
```bash
npm install
```

3. Start the development server:
```bash
npm run dev
```

4. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173`

## 🛠 Built With

- [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- [Material-UI](https://mui.com/)
- [Emotion](https://emotion.sh/)

## 🎵 Usage

- Click on any note in the "Major Scale" column to visualize its major scale on the piano keyboard
- Click on any chord in the table to see its notes highlighted on the keyboard
- Explore different root notes and chord types to understand their relationships

## ⚠️ Operator's Disclaimer

Please excuse any mistakes in music theory or implementation – this project was created with the assistance of AI through vibing in Cursor. While we aimed for accuracy, there might be some unexpected interpretations of musical concepts.

## 📝 License

MIT
